CASMINST-4380: clarify usage/docs for the SQUASHFS_ROOT_PW_HASH variable (#1191)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/security_and_authentication/Change_NCN_Image_Root_Password_and_SSH_Keys.md

                                    -d ~/.ssh/
   ```

>    In the above example, the timezone in the squashfs is being changed to Americas/Chicago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the above example, the timezone in the SquashFS is being changed to Americas/Chicago.
```

   The root password will **not** be changed because `-p` was not provided on the command line.
   It will copy the existing keys in `~/.ssh/` into the image.

   Example:
   ```bash
   ncn-m# export SQUASHFS_ROOT_PW_HASH=$(awk -F':' /^root:/'{print $2}' < /etc/shadow)
   ncn-m# ncn-image-modification.sh -p -t rsa \
                                    -N "" \
                                    -k k8s/${K8SVERSION}/filesystem.squashfs \
                                    -s ceph/${CEPHVERSION}/filesystem.squashfs
   ```

   In this example the root password hash in `/etc/shadow` in the NCN image will be replaced with the contents

>    of the `$SQUASHFS_ROOT_PW_HASH` variable. Ensure you use single quotes when setting the environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   of the `$SQUASHFS_ROOT_PW_HASH` variable. Ensure single quotes are used when setting the environment variable
```

>    so that any `$` characters are not inerpreted by bash. In the example above, `SQUASHFS_ROOT_PW_HASH` is being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   so that any `$` characters are not interpreted by bash. In the example above, `SQUASHFS_ROOT_PW_HASH` is being
```

>    set to match the root password hash that exists on the current node.  This invocation also creates new ssh keys. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   set to match the root password hash that exists on the current node. This invocation also creates new SSH keys. 
```
